# Implementing a new Algorithm in Shiva

Shiva is pretty great and it may have everything you need or it may not. If you want to implement something new you have to see what components of Shiva are reusable and what you actually need to add to accomplish your goal. If, for example, you wanted to implement Soft Actor Critic, then there are probably a lot of stuff you can reuse. Typically you need an Agent, Algorithm, Learner, MetaLearner, Replay Buffer (not always), and an Environment. If its a Unity environment then you can use our UnityWrapperEnvironment, you can also probably reuse our replay buffer, and in the case of a single agent, you can use SingleAgentMetaLearner.py. The only things you might need to implement are the Algorithm, Agent, and possibly a Learner if it runs drastically different from other learners. (We are planning on refactoring the code soon to become more generalized so its possible that in the future more learners might be shared across various implementations). 

Now, you might create a SoftActorCritic.py file in algorithms folder. Then you’d have import SoftActorCritic.py inside of the __init__.py folder inside of the algorithms module. Implementing SAC in Shiva may or may not require an SACLearner. If it does you’d have to add the corresponding SACLearner inside of the learner module and import it in the corresponding _init_.py file in the learner module. If you want to implement it for a single agent or multi agents will also be at your discretion if you are to implement something new Shiva doesn’t have. If you are using a Unity environment, all you need to do is place your binary file and data inside of the unitybuilds/ directory inside of the environments module. As you are building the algorithm and learner, you can add whatever configurable attributes you want/need that version of the learner or algorithm to have inside of the configuration file. You might call the configuration file SAC-3DBall.ini. There are a lot of config files available for reference but if more documentation is necessary or requested we will do what we can to make things more clear.
